-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

# Introduction

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

# The Command Line

## Numerical values

Numerics can be specified in decimal, hexadecimal, or binary. To
specify a base prefix the number by either `#` (decimal), `&`
(hexadecimal) or `%` (binary). Alternatively, no prefix assumes
hexadecimal.

In addition to this, there are a set of predefined constant available.
These are:

* `@ROM` - &8000
* `@PAGE` - Current value of BASIC `PAGE` (eg &1900)
* `@TOP` - Current value of BASIC `TOP` (eg &1902)
* `@LOMEM` - Current value of `LOMEM`
* `@HIMEM` - Current value of `HIMEM`
* `@OSHWM` - Current value of OSHWM

A numerical value may be derived as an increment to a previous
numerical value by using the `+` prefix.

For instance, the numbers `1 2 3 4 5` can be generated by:

    "1 +1 +1 +1 +1"

Undefined behaviour will result when using the `+` prefix after a non
numerical value.


## String values

These are normally specified by double quoting a string. The string is
parsed using the OS routine GSREAD. To modify the value of an ascii
character, use of the prefixes `|` to subtract &40 and `|!` to add
&80. As an example the string `"|!|@"` represents the hexadecimal
value &80. To include double quotes in a string, you should use two
double quotes in a row (ie close quote - open quote).

Some commands will take only a string as an argument. In these cases
it is possible to neglect the surrounding quotes for your string.
However these will naturally still be required if you wish to include
a space in your string to prevent the string appearing to be two
arguments. The 'close quote - open quote' paradigm still works here
even if it does appear to be no longer quite correct.

An exception to the above rule is of course the string starting with a
double quote. The parser will assume that you are quoting your string,
so you should bear this in mind. So the string consisting of only a
single double quote will be `""""`.


## Syntax definitions

The syntax for any <command> can be obtained by using `*HELP
<command>`. Our symbols used are as follows:

* `<word>` - Required argument `word`
* `(word)` - Optional `word`
* `(word1)(word2)` - Optional `word1` or `word2`
* `<(word1)(word2)>` - Combination of above - required `word1` or
  `word2`
* `...` - 1 or more of previous argument

Real examples of the syntax can be found with such things as:

    <(byte)("string")> ... A required list of either byte or "string"

Some commands require a terminator character for a list. An example of
this is `MFILL` which fills a block of memory with specified data
supplied in the form of the example list above. An optional argument
of a ROM bank can be supplied. However being optional we need a method
to distinguish whether the number is part of the list or not. To do
this we use a `;` separator instead of the normal space character. So
for example, the syntax for `MFILL`is:

    MFILL <from> <(to)(+len)> <(byte)("string")> ... (; <bank>)

To fill the first 1k of sideways ram bank 4 with the string `aardwolf`
the command could be:

    *MFILL @ROM +400 "aardwolf"; 4

The `;` operator can also be used to place comments after commands.
For example:

    *MEM @ROM A ; Fire up memory editor at location &8000, rom bank A

Be careful with commands that do actually use semi-colons in their
syntax, if a comment is required after the command then all the
semi-colons will have to used, otherwise the comment may be seen as an
argument. For example:

    *MFILL 2000 +100 "A" ; This command line is wrong

This will cause a "Not a number error" as the parser has seen a
semi-colon and expects a numeric value for the optional rom bank. To
prevent this the following should be used:

    *MFILL 2000 +100 "A" ;; This comment is ok

The parser finds no rom bank argument, only a separator, so ignores
everything else. If you want comments after your command lines then
just make sure there is one more semi-colon in the command line than
the parser expects.


## Current syntax problems

Strings containing a separator (` `, `+`, or `;`) need to be quoted,
regardless of whether or not they are a string only argument.
Solutions are to either fix rdstr so that it only treats space as a
separator (messy and tricky); to accept the fact that we need to quote
such things; or to introduce an escaping mechanism (eg backslash) to
transform metacharacters into normal characters.



# Obtaining Help

The ROM conforms to usual *HELP methods. `*HELP` by itself will present
you with a list of topics available. Typing `*HELP <topic>` will give
you a list of all the commands within that topic and their relevant
syntaxes.

To obtain the syntax for a specific command use `*HELP <command>`.
Alternatively, if you attempt to use a command with an invalid syntax
you will be told the correct syntax.


-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

# Memory Commands


## Introduction

## Commands

* `MEM` - Scrolling memory editor
* `MDIS` - Scrolling memory disassembler
* `MCOPY` - Copies memory
* `MSWAP` - Swaps two regions of memory
* `MCMP` - Compares two regions
* `MFILL` - Fills memory with specified data
* `MSEARCH` - Searches through memory for specified data
* `MCRC` - Calculates a Cylic Redundancy Check on a region (U)


## Memory Editor and Disassembler

Syntax:

    *MEM (<address> (<ROM bank>))
    *MDIS (<address> (<ROM bank>))

The default for address and ROM bank are `PAGE` and whichever ROM bank
Hackrom is in respectively.

The editor consists of two distinct modes; the hex dump and
disassembly modes.

### Hex dump mode

The screen layout consists of three main columns; on the left is the
memory address; in the middle is a block of hex numbers representing
the contents of that memory address; on the right is the same contents
displayed in ASCII form. Using the Copy key you can move your cursor
from the hex to ASCII representation of the memory.

The arrow keys control movement. Left and Right moves the screen
cursor left and right to the next displayed byte (scrolling the screen
up or down to the next line when required). Up and Down scrolls the
screen in the corresponding direction and hence changes the edited
address by 8 bytes.

Up and Down together with Control or Shift changes the edited address
by &80 or &100 bytes respectively.

For Left and Right the Shift key zooms to the far left or far right of
the current screen line. With control the Left and Right keys change
ROM bank up or down by one. The current bank number and ROM name (if a
ROM is installed in that bank) is displayed at the top of the screen.
ROM banks will cycle modulo 16 (so Control Left would change bank 0 to
bank F and Control Right would change bank F to bank 0).

When in ASCII edit mode, any key, or key combination (such as Control
@ to represent ASCII value 0) will insert the corresponding ASCII
value in that byte and increment the edited address by one.

For hex edit mode things are a little more complicated. We can only
edit one nibble at a time by pressing '0' to '9' or 'A' to 'F'. The
existing byte at that memory location will be rotated left 4 bits (the
low nibble becomes the high nibble) and our value ORed into the
location (the typed nibble becomes the low nibble). This way to type
in a complete 2 digit (nibble) hex number you type the digits in left
to right order.

Note: when typing in a 2 digit hex number '67' to a location
containing 'AB' the contents of that location will change twice; once
to 'B6' and again to '67'. So when editing memory mapped IO this
behaviour should be taken into account. One possible solution is this
case is to switch to the ASCII edit mode and type in the ASCII
character 'g' which would only change once. This however is not
practical for values greater than &80. In a future revision of the ROM
it is hoped that a Meta key will be used to add &80 to the value of
the key pressed.

The hex dump mode continually refreshes the screen and so may be used
to examine the contents of rapidly changing memory. An example use of
this would be to examine data arriving at the 1Mhz bus.


### Disassembly mode

The layout here contains the address on the left hand side, the
contents of this memory in both hex and ASCII, and the opcode and
operands this data represents. The opcodes understood are all those
used by the 6502, the 65C02 or the Rockwell 65C02. (*FIXME: check this
chip name*)

It is not possible to perform edit operations in this mode. To perform
these you should switch to the hex dump mode using the Copy key.

Movement is by similar controls to the hex dump mode with the
exception that Shift Left and Shift Right no longer work, for obvious
reasons. When using the Down arrow key the screen scrolls by one
opcode. The opposite, the Up arrow key, currently scrolls up by one
byte. It is perhaps preferable to scroll up by either 1, 2 or 3 bytes
depending on whether there is a valid opcode at 1, 2 or 3 bytes back
in memory. Comments are welcome.

The disassembly screen does not continually refresh the screen. To
force a refresh press an unrecognised key such as the spacebar.

### Summary


Hex dump keys:

| Key | Function |
|---|---|
| Tab | switch to disassembly mode |
| Copy | toggle editing position from hex to ASCII and back again. |
| Left arrow | Move cursor left (one byte lower in memory) |
| Right arrow | Move cursor right (one byte higher in memory) |
| Up arrow | Scroll up (move eight bytes lower in memory) |
| Down arrow | Scroll down (move eight bytes higher in memory) |
| Cntrl+L/R arrow | Change ROM bank down (L) or up (R) one   |
| Cntrl+U/D arrow | Move up or down memory by &80 bytes |
| Shift+L/R arrow | Jump to left or right of current line on screen |
| Shift+U/D arrow | Move up or down memory by &100 bytes |
| Escape | Quit |
| Other | Edit the data below the cursor. This will either change a nibble or change a byte depending on editing position |


Disassembly keys:

| Key | Function |
|---|---|
| Tab |    switch to hex dump mode |
| Up arrow       | Scroll up 1 line (currently 1, 2 or 3 bytes lower in memory) |
| Down arrow     | Scroll down 1 line (1 opcode bytes worth higher in memory) |
| Cntrl+L/R arrow| Change ROM bank down (L) or up (R) one   |
| Cntrl+U/D arrow| Move up or down memory by &80 bytes |
| Shift+U/D arrow| Move up or down memory by &100 bytes |
| Escape         | Quit |
| Anything else  | Refresh screen |


## Memory Copy

Syntax:

    *MCOPY <from> <(to)(+len)> <dest> (<from bank> (<to bank>))


## Memory Swap

Syntax:

    *MSWAP <from> <(to)(+len)> <dest> (<from bank> (<to bank>))


## Memory Compare

Syntax:

    *MCMP <from> <(to)(+len)> <dest> (<from bank> (<to bank>))


## Memory Fill

Syntax:

    *MFILL <from> <(to)(+len)> <(byte)("string")> ... (; <bank>)


## Memory Search

Syntax:

    *MSEARCH <from> <(to)(+len)> <(byte)("string")> ... (; <bank>)


## Memory Cyclic Redundancy Check (UNIMPLEMENTED)

Syntax:

    *MCRC <from> <(to)(+len)>

Description:

Computes a CRC for a given memory range. This value is useful as a memory
checksum system and is used in the *ROM filing system.


-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

# DISK COMMANDS

## Introduction

The disk commands are written around the 8271 Floppy Disk Controller
and The Watford Disk Filing System for which there is some support,
notably the 62 file format. If using any other 8271 based DFS then the
commands will work equally well. It is assumed that knowledge of disk
layout, the concepts of tracks and sectors, physical and logical is
known. The disk commands will understand ANY format on a disk if it is
legal. The workspace required for the disk commands involves three
buffers, the first is used for loads sector id's, &0A00 to &0A7F, the
second is used as a sorting workspace for those id's, &0A80 to &0AFF,
and the third is used for loading sectors and occupies from &6000
onwards, depending on the size of the sectors being loaded.


## Commands

* `DEDIT` - Interactive disk edtior
* `IDEDIT` - Interactive sector id editor (U)
* `FORMAT` - Disk formatter
* `SECTLOAD` - Sector loader
* `SECTSAVE` - Sector saver
* `LOADIDS` - Sector id's loader
* `PIDS` - Sector id's printer
* `VERIFY` - Disk verify
* `DFILL` - Disk filler (U)
* `FBACKUP` - Fast backup, will copy *ANYTHING* (U)
* `PENABLE` - Permanent *ENABLE (U)
* `GAPS` - Print gaps between files on the disk (U)
* `DMAP` - Print a format map of the disk (U)

The disk commands are based around an extensive library of routines
designed under the 'I want that sector, give it to me, and if you
can't tell me what you know' philosophy. Given a sector and track the
sector-loader will attempt to load that sector no matter what format
it has, whether it is deleted data, whether or not the logical track
matches the physical track. If it fails to do so it will have
attempted to load the sector id's and will return a DFS error code,
failing to load the sector id's it will only return an error code.

Playing/testing this commands can be a dangerous business, especially
with commands that can write to the disk, namely `DEDIT`, `FORMAT`,
`DFILL` and `SECTSAVE`. Get a blank disk, make sure there isn't
precious disk in another drive and test the commands then, only when
you are confident that they work use them on valuable disks. It is a
psychological problem of confidence that was learnt the hard way by
myself (SY).


## Disk Editor

Syntax:

    *DEDIT

The disk editor is an interactive front end to the sector-loader and
-saver functions described above. It allows MEM style editing of the
data on loaded sectors, quick-key moving around the disk and on-disk
file editing.

### Control Panel

The top three lines of the screen are the control panel and consists
of parameters used to point to a sector on the disk.

    DRIVE 0   PHYS TRACK 00   LOGI SECT 00
    PHYS SECT 00  FILE $.
    LOGI TRACK    SECTORS   x            P


Control Panel Keys:

| Key | Function |
|---|---|
| Tab         |    Move to next field |
| Return      |    Load sector |
| Escape      |    Quit DEDIT |
| Cntrl-P     |    Put DEDIT in physical sector mode |
| Cntrl-L     |    Put DEDIT in logical sector mode |
| Left arrow  |    Move cursor in field left |
| Right Arrow |    Move cursor in field right |


To move the block cursor around the fields use the TAB key. Each field
can be set to point to a sector on a disk. Pressing one of the keys
which are accepted in the current field will move the cursor on by one
place until it reaches the end of the field, in the drive field there
is only one character to change so this is not applicable. The
left/right cursor keys can be used to move within the fields.

<Ctrl-P> and <Ctrl-L> can be used to change the behaviour of the
sector-loader by making it load physical sectors or logical sectors
respectively. (I will not go into the implications of physical/logical
sectors as it is beyond the scope of this manual).

There is also a 'FILE' field where a filename can be placed and given
that the disk is a valid 10x256 byte format disk with a proper
catalogue (Watford 62 file supported).

Pressing <RETURN> whilst in the control panel will load the sector
which is being described by the current field. Being in any of the
DRIVE, PHYS TRACK, LOGI SECT, PHYS SECT then it will load the
physical/logical sector (depending on the physical/logical mode
indicator) described by those fields. Pressing <RETURN> in the FILE
field will attempt to load the first sector of the file on the drive
specified by the DRIVE field.

Having pressed <ENTER> DEDIT will attempt to load the sector described
by the Control Panel. If there is an error, the error description will
displayed on the bottom line of the screen, the cursor will be
returned to the DRIVE field and the status-line message will be
removed after the first key press. On the load being a success the
bytes stored in the sector will be displayed in a MEM style manner on
the centre panel of the screen, the LOGI TRACK field will display the
logical track number for the physical track from which the sector has
been loaded. The size of the sector and the number of sectors on that
track will be displayed in the SECTORS field. A standard DFS format
disk will give SECTORS 0Ax0100 for 10 sectors of 256 bytes.

There are various control keys available during the editing session,
some for moving around the screen and others for moving around the
disk. These are:

| Key | Function |
|---|---|
| Up arrow         |       Move up a line in the editing area |
| Down arrow       |       Move down a line in the editing area |
| Left arrow       |       Move cursor left |
| Right arrow      |       Move cursor right |
| Shift+L/R arrow  |       Move to far left/right of editing area |
| Shift+U/D arrow  |       Move to top/bottom of editing area |
| Tab              |       Toggle between hex-byte and ascii-char editing |
| Copy             |       Write the edited sector to the disk |
| Cntrl+R/L arrow  |       Move down/up a track on the disk |
| Cntrl+U/D arrow  |       Move up/down a sector on the disk |
| Escape           |       Quit to control panel |
| Cntrl Escape     |       Quit DEDIT |

The only editing keys which work in hex-byte mode are 0..9, A..F, but
in ascii-char edit mode all keys can be used to edit.
                                       


## Sector ID editor (UNIMPLEMENTED)


Syntax:

    *IDEDIT


## Disk Formatter


Syntax:

    *FORMAT <FIXME: add syntax here and to *HELP>


## Loading and Saving Sectors


Syntax:

    *SECTLOAD  <drv> <from trk> <(to trk)(+trks)> (<sect size> (<no. sects> (<id addr>)))
    *SECTSAVE <addr> <trk> <(P)(L)> <sect> <no. sects> (<drv>)


## Load Sector IDs

Syntax:

    *LOADIDS <addr> <trk> <(P)(L)> <sect> <no. sects> (<drv>)


## Display Sector IDs

Syntax:

    *PIDS <addr> <trk> <no. sects> (<drv>)


## Verify Disk

Syntax:

    *VERIFY <trk> <no. sects> (<drv>)


## Fill Disk (UNIMPLEMENTED)

Syntax:

    *DFILL <from trk> <(to trk)(+trks)> (<drv>)


## Fast Backup (UNIMPLEMENTED)

Syntax:

    *FBACKUP <trk> <sect> <no. sects> <(byte)("string")> ... (; <drv>)


## Permanent *ENABLE (UNIMPLEMENTED)

Syntax:

	 *PENABLE <drv> <drv>


## Display Disk Gaps (UNIMPLEMENTED)

Syntax:

    *GAPS <(on)(off)>


## Display Disk Format (UNIMPLEMENTED)

Syntax:

    *DMAP <drv> <from trk> <(to trk)(+trks)> (E)


-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

# File Commands

## Introduction

## Commands

* `DLOAD` - Down/Up load file (can load files over DFS memory)
* `DRUN` - Down/Up load and run file (can run files over DFS memory)
* `FDELETE` - Blank and then delete file (U)
* `FCRC` - Calculate CRC on file (U)
* `TOUCH` - Adjust start and exection address of file
* `CONCAT` - Concatenate two or more files (U)
* `FCOPY` - Copy two or more files from one drive to another (U)
* `FDIS` - Disassemble file (U)
* `SPOOLDIS` - Spool memory disassembly to file (U)
* `CLOSE` - Close IO channel
* `DES` - DES (en|de)crypt file (U)
* `FCMP` - Compare two files (U)


## Loading and Running commands in DFS workspace


Syntax:

    *DLOAD <fsp>
    *DRUN <fsp>


## 'Safe' File Removal (UNIMPLEMENTED)


Syntax:

    *FDELETE <fsp>


## File CRCs (UNIMPLEMENTED)


Syntax:

    *FCRC <fsp>


## Updating File Start and Execution Addresses


Syntax:

    *TOUCH <fsp> <load addr> <exec addr>


## Concatenating Files (UNIMPLEMENTED)


Syntax:

    *CONCAT <dest fsp> <src fsp> ...


## Multiple File Copy (UNIMPLEMENTED)


Syntax:

    *FCOPY <drv> <drv> (<fsp> ...)


## Disassembly (UNIMPLEMENTED)


Syntax:

    *FDIS <fsp> (<offset>)
    *SPOOLDIS <fsp> <from> <(to)(+len)>


## Closing IO Channels


Syntax:

    *CLOSE (<channel>)

Description:

`*CLOSE 0` will close all channels.


## DES Encryption (UNIMPLEMENTED)


Syntax:

    *DES <fsp> <(E)(D)> <(ECB)(CBC)> (<pswd>)


## Comparing Files (UNIMPLEMENTED)


Syntax:

    *FCMP <fsp> <fsp>


-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

# Rom Commands

## Introduction

## Commands

* `RLIST` - List ROM bank information
* `RON` - Switch on ROMs
* `ROFF` - Switch off ROMs
* `RLOAD` - Load ROM
* `RSAVE` - Save ROM
* `RINFO` - Display information on specified ROMs
* `SRLOAD` - Load data into sideways RAM (U)
* `SRSAVE` - Save sideways RAM data (U)
* `SRREAD` - Copy data from main memory to sideways ram (U)
* `SRWRITE` - Copy data from sideways ram to main memory (U)
* `RFSMAKE` - Build ROM suitable for *ROM filing system (U)
* `SEND` - Send a command to a specified ROM



## List ROM bank information

Syntax:

    *RLIST


## Switching ROMs on and off


Syntax:

    *RON <bank> ...
    *ROFF <bank> ...


## Loading and Saving ROMs


Syntax:

    *RLOAD <bank> <fsp>
    *RSAVE <bank> <fsp>


## Obtaining detailed ROM information


Syntax:

    *RINFO (<bank> ...)


## Master Compatible Sideways RAM commands (UNIMPLEMENTED)


Syntax:

    *SRLOAD <fsp> <start> <bank> (Q)
    *SRSAVE <fsp> <start> <(src )(+len)> <bank> (Q)
    *SRREAD <dest start> <(dest end)(+len)> <src addr> <bank>
    *SRWRITE <src start> <(src end)(+len)> <src addr> <bank>


## Building a *ROM filing system ROM image (UNIMPLEMENTED)


    *RFSMAKE <dest fsp> <src fsp> ...


## Sending commands to other ROMs


Syntax:

    *SEND <bank> <string>


-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

# General Commands

## Introduction

## Commands

* `PBUFF` - Sideways RAM printer buffer
* `LVECTORS` - List system vectors
* `KEYLIST` - List *KEY definitions
* `KEYSAVE` - Save *KEY definitions
* `KEYLOAD` - Load *KEY definitions
* `BASE` - Perform base conversions (U)
* `BREAK` - Simulate <Control BREAK> (U)
* `HBREAK` - As HBREAK except clear memory (U)
* `RECOVER` - Attempt to recover Bad Programs
* `ECHO` - Echos back your arguments (to learn CLI)


## Printer Buffer


Syntax:

    *PBUFF (<bank> ...)


## List System Vectors

Syntax:

    *LVECTORS


## *KEY manipulations


Syntax:

    *KEYLIST (<keys> ...)
    *KEYSAVE <fsp>
    *KEYLOAD <fsp>


## Numeric base conversions (UNIMPLEMENTED)


Syntax:

    *BASE <num>


## BREAK commands (UNIMPLEMENTED)


Syntax:

    *BREAK
    *HBREAK


## 'Bad Program' recovery


Syntax:

    *RECOVER


## Command Line 'Echo'


Syntax:

    *ECHO (byte) ...; (string) ...; ((byte)("string")) ...

Description:

This command is very useful for learning how the command line
interface works. We suggest you use this command to familierise
yourself with the different base entry notations, the '+' operator,
and the GSREAD system style of specifying strings containing special
characters.


-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

# Summary

A prefix of '*' represents currently unimplemented commands.


## Memory commands


      MEM (<addr> (<bank>))
      MDIS (<addr> (<bank>))
      MCOPY <from> <(to)(+len)> <dest> (<from bank> (<to bank>))
      MSWAP <from> <(to)(+len)> <dest> (<from bank> (<to bank>))
      MCMP <from> <(to)(+len)> <dest> (<from bank> (<to bank>))
      MFILL <from> <(to)(+len)> <(byte)("string")> ... (; <bank>)
      MSEARCH <from> <(to)(+len)> <(byte)("string")> ... (; <bank>)
    * MCRC <from> <(to)(+len)>


## Disc commands


      DEDIT
      FORMAT
      SECTLOAD <drv> <from trk> <(to trk)(+trks)> (<sect size> (<no. sects> (<id addr>)))
      SECTSAVE <addr> <trk> <(P)(L)> <sect> <no. sects> (<drv>)
      LOADIDS <addr> <trk> <(P)(L)> <sect> <no. sects> (<drv>)
      PIDS <addr> <trk> <no. sects> (<drv>)
      VERIFY <trk> <no. sects> (<drv>)
    * DMAP <drv> <from trk> <(to trk)(+trks)> (E)
    * DFILL <from trk> <(to trk)(+trks)> (<drv>)
    * FBACKUP <trk> <sect> <no. sects> <(byte)("string")> ... (; <drv>)
    * PENABLE <drv> <drv>
    * GAPS <(on)(off)>


## File commands


      DLOAD <fsp>
      DRUN <fsp>
    * FDELETE <fsp>
    * FCRC <fsp>
      TOUCH <fsp> <load addr> <exec addr>
    * CONCAT <dest fsp> <src fsp> ...
    * FCOPY <drv> <drv> (<fsp> ...)
    * FDIS <fsp> (<offset>)
    * SPOOLDIS <fsp> <from> <(to)(+len)>
      CLOSE (<channel>)
    * DES <fsp> <(E)(D)> <(ECB)(CBC)> (<pswd>)
    * FCMP <fsp> <fsp>


## ROM commands


      RLIST
      RON <bank> ...
      ROFF <bank> ...
      RLOAD <bank> <fsp>
      RSAVE <bank> <fsp>
      RINFO (<bank> ...)
    * SRLOAD <fsp> <start> <bank> (Q)
    * SRSAVE <fsp> <start> <(src )(+len)> <bank> (Q)
    * SRREAD <dest start> <(dest end)(+len)> <src addr> <bank>
    * SRWRITE <src start> <(src end)(+len)> <src addr> <bank>
    * RFSMAKE <dest fsp> <src fsp> ...
      SEND <bank> <string>


## General commands


      PBUFF (<bank> ...)
      LVECTORS
      KEYLIST (<keys> ...)
      KEYSAVE <fsp>
      KEYLOAD <fsp>
    * BASE <num>
    * BREAK
    * HBREAK
      RECOVER
      ECHO (byte) ...; (string) ...; ((byte)("string")) ...
